---
layout: post
title: "sellouts"
date: 2022-04-19 18:20:00 +0530
categories: jekyll update

---


It's depressing to think about how the 2020s turned out. And no, I am not talking about the global pandemic and how idiotically the world responded to it. Watch any sci-fi movie from the 1980s, and you’ll probably understand what I am trying to say. Technology was supposed to be the game-changer, the thing that gives us power over nature. The world got too busy with getting power over people, and here we are. People dreamt of flying cars that ran on clean energy and had fancy AI systems. Instead, we have TikTok clones and voice assistants that can barely follow simple instructions and the majority of cars on the road are still gasoline. Somewhere down the line, the narrative changed, the tech industry, in general, shifted its entire focus on making money. I suppose it was shortly before the dot-com bubble. Not that things changed once the crisis was over. Whatever increases the shareholder profits gets approved by people holding MBA's and the engineers rarely have a say. We all work for the money, and they print the money. What kind of sick game is that? Remember when money was backed up by gold and meant something? Nowadays, you can print as much as you like to bail out Wall Street giants. All while the smartest people get lured away by the same fake coin.

> “The best minds of my generation are thinking about how to make people click ads.”
>
> -- Jeff Hammerbacher

Never sell out. The question you want to ask yourself every so often is there, "Is something in my life that is forcing me down the road of selling out?". It is usually a person and or a certain lifestyle you feel like you have to maintain. We all dream about the one day when it all makes sense, and you live comfortably in your dream house behind the white picket fence. Guess what, it’ll never happen. The world doesn’t owe you anything. The universe is indifferent to your suffering. Unless you are delusional, you eventually conclude that no one is coming to save you and no one cares. So, you sit down, maybe with a cup of coffee, and think about what you want to do with your life. As anxiety-provoking as it may sound. You need to do that. I’m nowhere close to figuring it out for myself, and I doubt I will be there anytime soon. I find myself every so often lost in my head, overthinking the mundane stuff. But as they say, it’s about the journey, not the destination. You start by not selling out today. There isn’t much I want that the world has to offer. I don’t care about money, love, fancy sports cars, or even travelling to exotic locations. The things I want only exist in the sci-fi world, or maybe are still a few hundred years away. I do realize it sounds a little too crazy even for this blog, so I’ll keep my wishlist to myself.



