---
layout: post
title: "reflections"
date: 2022-05-23 10:00:00 +0530
categories: life_philosophy
---

This one is probably a little more personal than anything else I've posted on this blog. Classic, felt like "over expressing", might delete later kinda post. If you follow me on IG and are a part of my close friends list, this is will make more sense to you, if you stumbled here by mistake or wanted to stalk me for some reason. Seriously there are better things to do, I am a pretty C- human, that too on a good day. Without further ado let's jump into the content. It just hit me that I'm more of pretentious YouTuber than a pretentious wanna be blogger.\
It's 23rd May at the time of writing this. The first draft being written on my phone in a motel room in Hyderabad. Moving on, people have "month x dump"  on their social media where they add pics of their core memories of the month. The standard checklist is, your outfits, your best friends, your current love interest, maybe a few snaps of food and finally some chat screen shots. Initially I was appalled by this, but after further reflection I can see that it’s actually a time capsule. Very wholesome if you think about it. You can go back and see what that person appreciated the most in that period of their life and if you're creepy enough you can connect the dots in your mind and come up with your own version of their narrative, but that's more of a toxic trait I'm trying to fight so lets not dwell on that.
So, keep that in your mind while you read the rest of this blog. Cringe alert, but I feel like it's implied on this blog in general. I don't do this to impress girls ya'all. I clearly possess no game.\
Since I'm more of words guys, consider this my dump for months 1-5, 2022. To sum it up it's been a weird concoction of feelings and logic. Logic has never failed me, real G always on my side. Feelings, however, have always lead me down to uncharted territories which make me genuinely consider running off to a forest and settle in a wooden cabin. Pull off a Ted Kaczynski, minus the you know, blowing up buildings gig. TMI, I know, but I have let feelings take the driver seat for the past week or so, for reasons you won't hear about till my biography or obituary comes out. Depending on how my life goals work out.\
There is a corny dialogue from one of my favourite guilty pleasure movies, what it means for me is that when you have binary decision to make, you can either listen to your heart or to your brain. But when your heart is broken, you must turn to the intellectual faculties. Which is why I feel like an idiot for letting my feeling control me. No flex, but I have a good life. I've made peace with my past and I just wanted to move on to the next phase. But just as I wanted an out, THEY PULL ME BACK IN! It's funny how time works in our minds. Months or even go by and we still try to pretend that things haven't changed, and we are still the same person we were in some arbitrary point in our past. Guess what, we're not. The experiences and the stuff we consume moulds us. Re-wires our brain. A Greek quote comes to my mind "No man ever steps in the same river twice, for it's not the same river and he's not the same man."\
Point being, yes, I've changed over these past few months and past me would cringe and probably jump off a cliff to make sure this future doesn't cement itself in this timeline. Too late for that. Change is the only constant or some cliche like that. \
I have a good life; I'm surrounded by great friends and co-workers. For the first time in my life, I feel like I am happy with where I am at this point in my life. Which is more than most people of my age would say out loud unironically. I would express my gratitude here but let's face it, this is not a "feel good" blog. I'm here to handoff my existential dread into the void, if it wasn't obvious yet.\
My IG bio currently says, "just winging it", which pretty much sums up what im doing. Just realised this blog post could've just been a tweet, "you guys, just wing it ;)". But that won't satisfy my need for writing up a long shitpost and fish for validation from people online. Welcome again to the 21st century, the future is great, isn't it? \
There is so much I wanted to do, I still have that image of "success" or "making it" in my head, which is probably why I am miserable half of the time. But like one of my favourite characters once said, "To live is to risk it all, otherwise you're just an inert chunk of randomly assembled molecules drifting wherever the universe blows you.". That's how my life has been lately, I just drift to wherever the universe blows me. I have lost the little control if I ever even had that, over my narrative. I am trying to best to put out fires, it's only reasonable I'll get a few third-degree burns. But I'll smile and pretend to be fine anyway. It's all part of the narrative.
