---
layout: post
title: "change log 2023"
date: 2023-10-02 22:24:00 +0530
categories: jekyll update

---

It's been almost a year since I last posted here. I didn't really see the point. I kept repeating the same thoughts and started posting them online instead of blabbering them to my friends over dinner and long walks. That, and the fact that I feel personal blogs are a relic of a time gone by. All the tech wannabes post on LinkedIn and Medium anyway. To be fair, my blog was never really about tech. More than anything, it was about me just ranting and putting my thoughts on the internet.

At the time, it did seem like a nice idea. I did manage to have fun building it, and a few of my friends (so like 3 people) actually found it interesting. I don't really plan on posting anything in the near future. I don't really have anything big going on in my life. I did complete a few side projects this past year, but nothing too interesting. I do plan on picking up a backend project sometime soon, maybe I will talk about it once I really make some progress on it. Right now, I don't even know what I want to build. I guess I don't really have a cool problem to tackle yet.

Also, I recently completed 2 years in the corporate world. I wish this blog didn't have my name on it so I could talk about it in more detail and make a separate blog post covering my experience so far. But you never know who might come across this.

Anyways, I have been working on the frontend over the past year, and I wish to move back to backend. What I will say about my experience as a "Full Stack Developer" is that it's a sham. Be a good SDE. As a fresher, I was too attached to my tech stack and had weird career expectations. Now, I can see that wasn't necessarily a good idea. You should be a good problem solver. Learning about different technologies and tools won't help you if your fundamentals are not strong, and you don't focus on solving the problem. I can finally see why most college students these days focus more on LeetCode and less on Development. It's ultimately your DSA (Data Structures and Algorithms) skills that will lead you to high-paying, big tech jobs. Development is something you can learn on the job. Sure, you will not find yourself implementing Binary Search Trees from scratch during your actual job, but knowing what it is and when/how to use it takes you a long way. Development, on the other hand, can be picked up fairly quickly if you have good mentors at your company, and people follow good coding standards for the most part. Yeah, I know, in most companies, that is too much to ask, but hey, I am trying to be an optimist.